Anyone is welcome to help, that would like to help. But, just wait until I get the pieces 
into this program so that the first version of GLIDE works. The things that I would like 
help with after that, are pretty simple. For one thing, I saw how to do most of this stuff in 
C++ while I was researching, and that's just one of the many things that I want to do with 
this program early on. 

The following is a list of things I want to do, and would love help with doing: 

1. I want to rewrite GLIDE in C++, once I finish putting this C# version together here on GitHub.
Anyone is welcome to help with this. There are several reasons I want to do this. The best reason,
is because it allows me to have more experience with C++. I would rather do it in C, because it's 
more fun, and I might later, but I don't have to change the overall design if I do it in C++. I could 
not figure out how to use C# without using object oriented design. I like C#, but it is very restrictive 
in what I can, and can not, do. I initially wanted to rewrite this in C, but my initial design was 
impossible to use for a C# program.

2. After GLIDE is re-written in C++, (or C), it needs to work on Linux. I will more than likely use Qt 
Creator, Gnome Builder, or some other IDE. It depends on what I like best. Later, I want to port it over to
Apple's operating system for their computers, as well as iOS for their tablets. Also, I want to port this 
over to Android. That may mean that I should re-write this in Java, which will be pretty boring. I'm pretty
sure Java is it's name, to give me an idea of what drink I need while writing in that language.

3. I want the users to be able to easily add their own courses to the program. Currently, it would be 
very hard for users to add any courses to GLIDE that the users would build. They would need the source
code, and they wouldn't be able to do it if they know nothing about programming. Except; I will have very
clear directions for the people that want to build their own courses with the source code, for people that
do not program, at least until the program will make that a lot easier. Building the course itself will be 
a pretty boring task for anyone. There's no way around that yet. But allowing users to build their own 
course, allows the program to be used for any and every course that anyone would be taking. If a person 
builds a course out of his or her text book, than that person will make an A in the class, as long as the 
person also does whatever weird work an instructor would assign. Plus, allowing this also allows for authors to
submit quality free courses to Dartomic, to make available to everyone that uses GLIDE. This can eventually 
save students from ever having to purchase an overpriced textbook ever again.

4. Users would probably enjoy looking at their forgetting curve per topic, before a repetition, and directly 
after a repetition. I wrote the equation into GLIDE, just so that users will be able to do this later.
The scheduling of the repetitions is not calculated by the forgetting curve equation. Repetitions are 
calculated by a spacing equation. So, the forgetting curve equation will remain pointless in the code, until
the user can look at it. That is all it is there for. The equation is currently processed, even though it's not
used for what I want yet. I wrote it in so that the output is stored in the database. If the user takes a long 
break before this is available, then starts using GLIDE after the update is made, then the forgetting curve can
be viewed for the topics already studied.

As far as anything that I expect to do with this program, within the next few years, that list is it! I do want to 
do some things with artificial intelligence later, such as having an A.I. generate a course without plagiarizing any 
material, so that a lot more courses can be studied for free, and nobody would have to contribute in that area of 
the software. But, I have a lot to learn before that's possible for me to play any part in making that happen. There 
is a LOT more that I want to do with A.I. and GLIDE later too. Not just using it to automate the building of a course.
