# GLIDE
Everything that I have here, is to prove that I have not anything, by the time this 
application is ready--- just in case someone who may have some of my work, beats me 
to finishing it, and then charges money for it. I want to make sure that this software
will be available to everybody for free. 

This started out as a school project, for the capstone course to my associates degree.
It was initially only going to teach College Algebra. But, as I was designing it, I 
realized that there is no reason to limit it to a small segment of the maths. I ran 
into a lot of pitfalls while developing this application. I even thought I had a working 
version built at one point, until I played around with it further, (after I announced the
"good news" to my instructor and friends), and found that I needed to learn how to do more 
things with C#. I was having an issue with the images. I forget what they were doing, but
it wasn't what they should have been doing.

Now, everything actually does work correctly. By that, I mean that all of the pieces which
I needed to figure out how to implement, are all working. The program itself is not finished
yet. But the job is real easy now; I just have to finish getting the pieces together. This is
no longer a project for me to turn into a college course. As a matter in fact, it is no longer
the same project. This will teach far more than any one branch of mathematics. I would like for
it to eventually teach every subject that is taught at any high end learning institution.

What I currently have here is a partial program, which I am filling with pieces as I alter them,
in order for those pieces to function in this software. I am not putting this software on github,
in order to recieve help with a partial project from other programmers. I am simply putting it 
here, to ensure that anyone can use it when it is finished. This year, I learned my C# course within
a week, while taking the capstone to my degree at the same time. Unfortunately, that C# course barely
skimmed the surface of how to write software in C#. The capstone required that my application have a 
way for a user to install the software, and I had to give an idea for what I would make, before the 
time ran out. I saw that Visual Studio will produce an installer for an application, which is why I 
decided to fly through the C# course. I did not know that the information I found on Visual Studio doing
that, was for Visual Studio 2010. I never even used Visual Studio before Febuary. So, I had to learn how
to make a UWP application, since learning how to make an installer seemed like it would take more time.
I had turned in a lot of the plans for what I wanted the capstone project to do, which is to use the learning
research that this application implements. I also turned in a few pictures of how I imagined the application 
user interface would look like, which is laid out very close to how GLIDE's user interface is. I have spent
months doing research, just to find out how to make pieces for this program to function as they should, which
I knew that the software would need. It is now 5 months since I started learning C#, and creating this application. 
I failed the capstone course over a month ago, which would not have happened had I known how to make an installer
for Windows then, because a Windows Forms application, for a beginner like me, is MUCH EASIER to make, than a UWP 
software package. I would have chosen Java, because it's real easy to do everything which I had issues with 
for the UWP application, but I had to choose a language that the school had credentials of me having learned.
I would have even made this an Android app, but the course on Mobile Applications was never available, 
until probably after I learned how to make android apps from online resources.

I actually don't mind at all that I failed. I am not sure if I would have even been able to distribute what
I would have made, if I would have turned a working copy of the program in, and passed the capstone course.
I have learned a lot of really cool information, which I was not looking for, while researching how to 
build the parts that this application must use.

Everything will be working very soon on this page. All of the code that deals with images, which is not
much, is what I found to be incredibly hard to find. It was like looking for a specific needle, out of 
a cup full of other needles, all spinning around in a powerful blender, with my hand trapped inside 
trying to grab the right one. The code for the images is on this github page, and working. That was 
the hardest part. All of the calculations that deal with learning, were extremely easy to find, make, 
and write. The database was a little difficult, but it was easy compared to figuring out how to update
the images in the GUI correctly. I have never worked this hard to learn how to do something. I even
went a little crazy for a bit, from doing nothing but rushing to get all the information that I needed
to make this program work. It was completely WORTH IT. Failing was also completely worth it, because
that allowed for me to share this work which is about to be finished. I hope that it is seen, and that
people will use it. I will absolutely be helpful, the results are in the research.

I linked the research that I used for the calculations, on the dartomic website at https://dartomic.com

The other research I used was behaviorism. I do not currently believe that it is worth linking research 
on that topic, because as far as Skinner's research goes, the program simply rewards the user with a "Good Job!"
statement that displays, if the answer is correct, and it does not reward the user if the answer is incorrect. 
That is bassically how simple GLIDER was. I am not sure, but I do not think skinner used any equations to have
the machine space the repetitions out, but I think that would be too big of a job for a little machine that he 
made back in the 1950's. It may have, but the equations I use are from research that was published in 1995. So
they probably were not as good, if they were even part of the machines design. I really doubt it.
